Documentation for remaining configuration options (#288)
signalfx/signalfx-dotnet-tracing: docs/advanced-config.md

| `SIGNALFX_INSTRUMENTATION_ELASTICSEARCH_TAG_QUERIES` | Enable the tagging of a Elasticsearch command PostData as `db.statement`. It may introduce overhead for direct streaming users. | `true` |
| `SIGNALFX_TRACE_DELAY_WCF_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED` | Enable the updated WCF instrumentation that delays execution until later in the WCF pipeline when the WCF server exception handling is established. | `false` |
| `SIGNALFX_TRACE_KAFKA_CREATE_CONSUMER_SCOPE_ENABLED` | Enable to close consumer scope on method enter, and start a new one on method exit. | `true` |

> | `SIGNALFX_TRACE_{0}_ENABLED` | Configuration pattern for enabling/disabling a specific library instrumentation, e.g in order to disable Kafka instrumentation, set `SIGNALFX_TRACE_Kafka_ENABLED=false` | `true` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SIGNALFX_TRACE_{0}_ENABLED` | Configuration pattern for enabling or disabling a specific library instrumentation. For example, in order to disable Kafka instrumentation, set `SIGNALFX_TRACE_Kafka_ENABLED=false` | `true` |
```

> | `SIGNALFX_AZURE_APP_SERVICES` | Set to indicate the profiler is running in the context of Azure App Services. | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SIGNALFX_AZURE_APP_SERVICES` | Set to indicate that the profiler is running in the context of Azure App Services. | `false` |
```

> | `SIGNALFX_AZURE_APP_SERVICES` | Set to indicate the profiler is running in the context of Azure App Services. | `false` |

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should move it to `internal-config.md`? Here is why: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-dotnet/blob/ef56770ed22a53110a0ae987b283cb8ad30139c7/tracer/src/Datadog.Trace.ClrProfiler.Native/cor_profiler.cpp#L144-L145
